Idea Proposals:

1. A website that evaluates the journalistic integrity and credibility of individual reporters, regardless of which media company they work for. The credibility ratings will be collected from any user who is willing to provide it for particular journalists. We may also expand our features such that users can look for specific articles and rate their credibility, which in turn would affect the author’s average rating. All the ratings will be crowdsourced and not evaluated by some random fact-checking companies that might have biases of their own. So if a journalist has a tendency to be overly sensational and unobjective in their reporting, the readers will rate them negatively, and vice versa. We will be using a database to keep track of all the ratings so that we can calculate the average rating and display it to someone who is trying to read objective news. This way, readers will be better informed about the author of the article that they are reading, and will decide whether they want to continue or discontinue reading the particular author.

2. A website that helps connect strangers in the BU area to find apartment mates. Apartments around the BU area are quite expensive, and more so when you decide to live alone in an apartment. This sometimes happens because people cannot find other people willing to live together in a bigger apartment so they can share the rent and save some money. Now that COVID is around, this is more and more prevalent since students are unable to make friends or go to events where they can find multiple other people willing to room together in an off campus apartment. We want to create a space where all these people can come together and negotiate with each other on what kind of roommate they want, what rent price they are comfortable with, what specific area they want to live in, and what their ground rules are for living together. We will have to use a database to store user information, and also use APIs to get apartment information. Our goal will be to help familiarize strangers so they can live together to cut their costs.